1. What does a memory in my brain look like?
1. 大脑中的记忆长什么样呢？

In The Harry Potter films, they are silver streams that can be teased from the head with the tip of a wand. In the recent Pixar movie Inside Out, they are small glowing balls, stored in vast racks of shelving in our minds. But what does a memory really look like? How does your brain take information from the outside world and cache it for later retrieval? Where are your brain’s storage vaults, what do they look like and how do they work?
在《哈利波特》电影中，记忆是可以用魔杖尖从脑中挑出的银色细流。在最近的皮克斯动画电影《头脑特工队》中，记忆是发光的小球，储存在我们脑海中的巨大搁架中。但是记忆到底长什么样？你的大脑如何从外部世界获取、存储并在事后检索信息？你脑中的记忆存储库在哪？它们长什么样，又是如何工作的？

A lot of us would be intrigued to know the answers to such questions – yet they are surprisingly hard to come by. Memory researchers have often seemed to take a piecemeal approach. Some focus on the minute details of what goes on in connections between brain cells. Others try to understand the subjective experience of memory – such as how, for Marcel Proust, the taste of a madeleine cake invoked detailed scenes from his childhood. However, they seldom consider the bigger picture of how the brain changes when we create a new memory.
大多数人会对这类问题的答案产生兴趣——然而答案却是出人意料地难以获得。记忆的研究者似乎通常采取一种东敲西打的策略。一些研究者侧重于脑细胞间如何发生相互作用的的微小细节，其他研究者则试着理解记忆中的主观体验——例如，对马赛尔·普鲁斯特来说，一块玛德莲蛋糕的味道是如何唤起他童年时的具体场景。然而，他们很少考虑更宏大的图景，即当我们创造出新的记忆时，我们的大脑将如何变化。

Yet surely the answers must be out there – so I began a quest to find out what a memory really looks like. My aim was to see what goes on inside my head when I relive an experience or recall a fact but I also discovered a lot more. Memories, it seems, are the ghosts in the machine that make each of us unique.
然而答案无疑就在某处——所以我开始了一番记忆究竟长什么样的追寻。我的目标是探索当我重温某次体验或者回忆某件事时我的脑中发生了什么，但我发现了更多。记忆似乎是使得我们每一个人独一无二的机器中的幽灵。

Some early seminal work on memory was done in the 1960s on sea slugs. These creatures grow up to a foot long and have giant nerve cells to match. Their outsize bodies make it possible to watch what happens when a new memory forms.
一些早期而影响深远的关于记忆的研究工作于20世纪60年代在海蛞蝓身上完成。这些生物能长到30厘米长，并且有着与其体型相称的巨大神经细胞。他们超大的身体使观察当新的记忆形成时大脑中发生了什么成为可能。

Ordinarily, electrical impulses in one neuron spark the release of chemicals that cross the gaps, or synapses, between nerve cells and may trigger a second neuron to fire. Those early studies revealed that when sea slugs learned a simple response to a stimulus some of their synapses were strengthened. An impulse in the first neuron was now more likely to trigger the second to fire (see diagram). This turns out to be the basis of memory in any animal with a nervous system. The work was so pivotal it earned neuroscientist Eric Kandel of Columbia University in New York a Nobel prize in 2000.
一般而言，一个神经元中的电脉冲能激发释放化学物质，这些化学物质能穿过神经元间的间隙（神经突触），并可能激发下一个神经元。这些早期的研究揭示了当海蛞蝓学习了对一种刺激的简单响应后，一些神经突触被加强了。现在，第一个神经元中的冲动有更大的可能性去激发第二个神经元（见示例图）。这种机制被证明是所有有神经系统的动物的记忆的基础。这项研究是如此关键，因而它为纽约哥伦比亚大学的神经学家Eric Kandel赢得了2000年的诺贝尔奖。

But it doesn’t answer my question. The human brain contains an estimated 100 billion neurons, each thought to connect with, on average, 1000 others. That gives us something like 100 trillion synapses. When I create a memory, which of those synapses are strengthened?
但是这并不能回答我的问题。人类的大脑估计有1000亿个神经元，每一个被认为平均与其它1000个相连，这意味着有100万亿个神经突触。当我创造一次记忆时，哪些神经突触被加强了呢？

A major step along the route to answering this question came from one of the saddest tales of modern neuroscience. In 1953, Henry Molaison – known for a long time only by his initials, H.M. – had an operation that went badly wrong. The surgeon had been trying to remove brain tissue that was causing his epilepsy. Molaison’s seizures originated in the hippocampi, a pair of structures, either side of the brain, whose Latin name reflects their supposed resemblance to a seahorse. So the surgeon took them out.
顺着这个想法，回答这一问题的重要一步来自于现代神经科学最悲哀的故事之一。1953年，Henry Molaison——很长一段时间来他只以其名字首字母H. M. 为人所知——经历了一场结果糟糕的手术。外科医生一直试图去除引起他癫痫症的脑部组织。Molaison的癫痫病灶根源在海马体，这是一对分别位于大脑两侧的组织，其拉丁语名字反映出它们与海马的相似之处。于是外科医生把这对海马体摘除了。

The consequences for the 27-year-old Molaison were huge. Unable to hold a thought in his head for long, he needed care for the rest of his life (see “Groundhog day every day“). But equally profound was the impact on neuroscience – we have learned volumes from the way the surgery destroyed some of Molaison’s abilities but spared others.
对于27岁的Molaison而言，手术的意义是巨大的。由于无法在脑中长时间记住一个想法，他的余生都需要别人照顾（见“每日都是土拨鼠日”一节）。然而这场手术对于神经科学来说同样意义深远——我们从手术如何摧毁Molaison的记忆能力中学习经验，从而避免类似的悲剧也发生在其他人身上。

Molaison seemed to retain most of what he knew before the operation, suggesting that while the hippocampi are crucial for forming new memories, they are less important for storage. His short-term memory was unaffected, too – he could retain information for 15 to 30 seconds but no longer. In addition, Molaison’s brain damage revealed that there are some important subdivisions of long-term memory (see “Hold that thought“). He could still learn physical skills, like riding a bike. But he had problems forming new memories of things that happened to him and learning new facts.
Molaison似乎保留着手术前的大部分记忆，这表明海马体对形成新的记忆至关重要，但对存储的记忆就不那么关键。他的短期记忆也没有受到影响——他能维持15到30秒的记忆，但是不能更长了。除此之外，Molaison的大脑损伤表明存在着一些对长期记忆的重要分类（见“记住这想法”一节）。他还可以学习身体技能，比如骑自行车，但是他不能对发生在他身上的事形成新的记忆，也不能学习新的事。

2. The long and short of it
2. 记忆的长短

The hippocampi seem to be crucial, then, for the sort of memories that are central to our personal and intellectual lives. So I go to meet Hugo Spiers, a neuroscientist at University College London who has made a career of studying them. In his office is a life-size rubbery model of the human brain. While he is making me a cup of tea, I pick it up and pop out one of the hippocampi. For something so vital, it’s rather underwhelming – and disappointingly unlike a seahorse. In fact, it’s about the size and shape of a chipolata – an unlikely seat of human learning and mental time travel.
因此，海马体似乎对某种记忆至关重要，而这种记忆在我们个人和智力生活中扮演着关键角色。所以我去拜访了Hugo Spiers，一个伦敦大学学院的神经科学家，他毕生都致力于研究记忆。他的办公室中放着一个橡胶做的真实尺寸的人脑模型。当他在为我泡茶的时候，我把模型拿起来并取出了一块海马体。对于功能上如此重要的海马体而言，它看起来实在稀松平常——并且也令人失望地不像海马。事实上，它的大小和形状类似契普拉塔小香肠——这不太像是一把人类学习和心智的时间旅行的座椅。

Spiers puts me straight. They are by no means the only part of the brain required to make a memory, he says. While the hippocampi are important and dominate current research, memory also involves the cortex, the outer layer of the brain that handles our complex thoughts and sensory perceptions of the world.
Spiers把我弄直。海马体绝不是大脑中制造记忆的唯一部分，他说。尽管海马体很重要，并且是目前研究的主流，记忆的形成同样需要大脑皮层的参与。大脑皮层是我们大脑的外层，它掌控着我们复杂的思想和对世界的感官知觉。

Say that yesterday you saw a rose in your garden and stopped to inhale its fragrance. This event was processed by specific parts of your cortex at the brain’s back and sides that are responsible for vision and smell. Today, if you recall the experience, those same regions will be reactivated. This idea, sometimes known as reinstatement, has been around for a while, but was only confirmed in the past decade or so, thanks to the development of brain scanning techniques. The same areas of the cortex light up in scanners both when someone first sees a picture of something and then is later asked to remember it.
比如昨天你看见你的花园里的一束玫瑰并停下来嗅了嗅它的芬芳。这一事件由你大脑皮层中位于大脑后部和两侧的特定区域处理，这些区域对应着视觉和嗅觉。今天，如果你回想这次经历，大脑皮层中同样的区域将会被激活。这个想法，它有时被称作返回原状，已经被提出了一段时间，但是只在过去十年左右被确认，这一进步要感谢脑部扫描技术的发展。大脑皮层中的同一区域两次在扫描仪中亮起来，第一次是当某人第一次看见某张图片的时候，第二次是事后要求这个人去回想这张图片的时候。

A short-term memory of sniffing the rose wouldn’t involve the hippocampi, as Molaison showed. But if, for some reason, you created a memory that lasted more than half a minute, then connections between the relevant areas of your cortex and your hippocampi would become strengthened. The hippocampi are wired up to many different parts of the cortex and help to glue together the different aspects of a single memory, says Spiers.
像Molaison的例子表明的那样，嗅玫瑰花的短期记忆并不会涉及海马体。然而，如果出于某些原因你创造了一份持续半分钟以上的记忆，那么你大脑皮层和海马体中的相关区域的联结将被加强。Spiers说，海马体会和大脑皮层中的很多不同的区域联结，从而帮助将一份记忆中不同的方面合在一起。

In fact, their role was beautifully illuminated this year. Researchers scanned people’s brains as they tried to learn groups of unrelated concepts – such as Barack Obama with a wallet in a kitchen. They found that recall was best for those groups of concepts that had generated the most activity in their hippocampi during the learning phase. “The hippocampus allows you to retrieve all the elements together,” says psychologist Aidan Horner at University College London, who did the study.
事实上，海马体和大脑皮层的分工在今年被令人满意地阐明。当志愿者在试着学习许多组不相关的概念——例如，奥巴马和一颗核桃呆在厨房——的时候，研究人员扫描他们的大脑。研究人员发现被回忆地最好那几组概念在学习的过程中在海马体内引起了最多的活跃度。做这项研究的伦敦大学学院的心理学家Aidan Horber说：“海马体让你能够将记忆中的所有元素检索到一起。”

This ability helps explain one of memory’s hallmarks – that recalling one aspect of an experience can bring its other features to mind unbidden. Hearing a song on the radio can remind us of the moment we first heard it, for example, or a long-forgotten taste of madeleine cakes can remind you of childhood. “It’s almost as if we re-experience it,” says Horner.
这项能力帮助解释了记忆的一个特点——回忆某次经历的一个方面会将这个经历的其它方面也不由自主地也带入脑海。比如说，听到无线广播中的一首歌能使我们想起我们第一次听到它的时刻，又或者一块已经被忘记很长时间的玛德莲蛋糕的滋味能让你想起你的童年。Horner说：“那几乎就像我们重温了过去的体验一样。”

3. Intricate webs
3. 错综复杂的网络

I’m starting to get a picture of a memory as a discrete physical entity, a spider’s web of silvery neurons firing together because of their strengthened connections, with strands reaching across different parts of the cortex and deep down to the hippocampi, guardians of our memory bank.
我开始将一份记忆视作一个离散的物理实体的图景：一只蜘蛛的银色神经元网络因为彼此间强化的联结而共同激发，这个丝缕状的网络通达大脑皮层的不同部分并深入到海马体中，保卫着我们的记忆银行。

Yet something is still puzzling about the hippocampi. Research in rats and mice has shown they are crucial for navigation, with the structures sometimes even called the brain’s satnav. By placing electrodes in the animals’ hippocampi to see the activity of individual neurons, researchers discovered cells that fire only when an animal is in a certain location. These neurons are called place cells. Which combinations of these cells are firing can tell you where the rodent is to within 5 cm2. “When the rat runs through a maze, you can see the cells fire in sequence,” says Spiers. “Just through the rat’s place cell activity, you can decode where it is – you’re reading the rat’s mind.” He and others have found that the same place cells even fire when the rats are asleep, suggesting we are reading their dreams.
然后关于海马体的一些事实仍然令人困惑。对大鼠和小鼠的研究已经表明海马体对导航至关重要，它们有时甚至被称为大脑的卫星导航。通过将电极放置在动物的海马体中，研究人员可以观察单个神经元的活动，他们发现只有当一只动物位于特定的位置的时候，细胞才会被激活。这些细胞被称为位置细胞。这些细胞间的哪些联结被激活可以告诉你这只啮齿动物的位置，定位精度达到5平方厘米。 “当大鼠跑过迷宫，你可以看到位置细胞依次被激活，” Spiers说到。“仅仅通过大鼠位置细胞的活跃度，你可以破译出它在哪——你在阅读大鼠的大脑”。他和其他研究人员也发现即使是大鼠睡着了，这些位置细胞依然活跃，这表明我们在阅读它们的梦。

So how come long-term memory and navigation seem anchored in the same brain region? As Spiers sees it, navigation must have come first. “Every single moving animal that has to acquire food cares about the ‘where’ above all things,” he says. Then, as mammals developed more complex intellectual lives, the hippocampi were co-opted into an all-purpose mechanism for anchoring any important event into our memories. “A grid system is a beautiful system for mapping lots of things on to,” he says.
所以，长期记忆和导航似乎基于大脑的同一区域，这怎么可能呢？在Spiers看来，导航是先于记忆的。“每一只移动着的想要获得食物的动物最关心的问题就是‘哪里’（能获得食物），”他说。然后，因为哺乳动物发展出更复杂的智力生活，它们的海马体被增加了一个通用的机制，用以存储任何重要的事件到我们的记忆中。“从绘制很多事情到一个系统的角度上看，一个网格状的系统是一个美丽的系统，”他说。

That’s a fairly speculative idea, but it does have some support from work with people who have epileptic seizures originating in their hippocampi, as Molaison did. Nowadays only one hippocampus is ever removed. “And we always check the viability of the other hippocampus first,” says neurosurgeon Itzhak Fried at the University of California, Los Angeles.
这纯粹是一个揣测性的看法，但是从像Molaison那样海马体引起癫痫病症的人们身上，这一看法得到了一些支持。如今只有一侧的海马体会被移除。“（在移除一侧海马体之前，）我们总是先检查另一侧的海马体的机能，”UCLA的神经外科医师Itzhak Fried说道。

To pinpoint the problem area, patients often stay for a couple of weeks in his clinic with up to 100 electrodes in their hippocampi. Thanks to them we have discovered that, just as neurons in a rat’s hippocampi fire only when the animal is in a specific place, so those in the human hippocampi fire only on recognising a certain thing. That could be a place but it could also be a person, an object or almost anything.
为了精确找出病灶，病人通常在诊所呆上几周时间，这期间他们的海马体上会插上多达100根电极。由于他们，我们发现就像大鼠海马体中的神经元只有当其在特定位置时才会激活一样，人类海马体中的神经元只有当人们认知到特定事件时才会激活。特定事件可以是一个地方、一个人、一件事物乃至任何事情。

Fried’s team popularised this idea in 2005 with the catchy notion of “Jennifer Aniston neurons“, because one of their first patients happened to have an electrode placed next to a neuron that fired in response to pictures of the actor. But I thought that recognising people is the job of the visual cortex. So how does that tie into neurons in the hippocampi firing?
Fried的团队在2005年用“Jennifer Aniston的神经元”这一简明的口号将上述想法普及，这是因为他们的第一批病人中的一个碰巧有一个电极放在一个神经元边上，而这个神经元在这个病人看到Jennifer Aniston的照片的时候被激活了。但是我认为认出他人是视觉大脑皮层的事。所以视觉神经中枢是如何与海马体中的神经元联结并将之激活的呢？

4. Jennifer Aniston
4. 珍妮佛安妮斯顿

It all makes sense once I speak to Rodrigo Quian Quiroga at the University of Leicester, UK, who works with Fried. Different cells in the visual cortex are great at recognising the actor under different conditions – side on, with different hairstyles, under low lighting and so on. The hippocampi Aniston neurons, on the other hand, don’t care about what she looks like; with them it’s binary – she’s either there or she isn’t. They even fire when her name is spoken or written. “It’s an abstract concept,” says Quian Quiroga.
当我和Fried的同事，英国莱斯特大学的Rodrigo Quian Quiroga谈过之后，一切就都讲得通了。视觉大脑皮层中的不同细胞擅长在不同条件下认出Jennifer Aniston——侧脸、不同的发型、暗光，等等。另一方面，海马体中对应于Aniston的神经元却并不在乎Aniston长什么样；它们的反应是二元的——Aniston在那，或者不在那。海马体中的神经元甚至在Aniston的名字被谈到或者写下来的时候也被激活。“这是一个抽象的概念，”Quian Quiroga说到。

Here’s how the two systems mesh: to form a lasting memory of seeing Jennifer Aniston on a particular occasion, the cortex neurons must fire up the hippocampi concept neurons. If you bumped into her while sightseeing at the Eiffel Tower, your hippocampi Aniston neurons would start firing at the same time as your hippocampi “Eiffel Tower neurons”. That would strengthen the connections between them, helping to create a lasting association. At least, that’s the theory, says Quian Quiroga. He and Fried have found some supporting evidence: when their patients with electrodes implanted in their brains were shown photoshopped pictures of Aniston in front of the Eiffel Tower, their Aniston neurons started to fire in response to pictures of the Eiffel Tower alone.
接下来我们解释这两个系统如何匹配：为了形成在特定的场景下看见Jennifer Aniston的长期记忆，大脑皮层神经元必须要激发海马体中的概念性神经元。如果你在游览埃菲尔铁塔的时候偶然遇见Aniston，你的海马体中对应Aniston的神经元将会和你的海马体中对应于埃菲尔铁塔的神经元同时激发，这就将加强这些神经元之间的联结，从而创造出一个持续性的缔合。Quian Quiroga说，上述想法至少在理论上可行。他和Fried已经找到了一些支持性的证据：当他们的大脑中插着电极的病人被展示了一幅用photoshop合成的Aniston站在埃菲尔铁塔前的照片之后，他们的Aniston神经元会在只被展示埃菲尔铁塔的照片时也开始激发。

It’s almost as if Quian Quiroga and his team are witnessing the birth of new memories in the brain. They may even be edging towards an answer to the question of how many neurons are involved. To do this they had to start with a couple of estimates: that there are about 1 billion cells in a human hippocampus and that we can recognise at least 10,000 different concepts, such as places, objects, friends or celebrities. When they showed a random selection of pictures representing such concepts to their patients, they discovered that each neuron had about 0.1 per cent chance of firing in response to any given concept. This suggests that each concept is encoded by about 1 million hippocampi neurons.
看起来似乎Quian Quiroga和他的团队几乎就目睹了新的记忆如何在大脑中诞生。他们甚至已经到了回答有多少个神经元参与（制造一份新记忆）的程度。为了回答这一问题，他们开始了一系列估算：人的海马体中有10亿个细胞，我们能认知至少1万个不同的如地点、物体、朋友或者名流之类的概念。当他们随机展示一组表征这些概念的图片给他们的病人时，他们发现每一个神经元有0.1%的概率被任意给定的概念激发。这表明每一个概念被编码到大约1百万个海马体的神经元中。

In theory then, a memory of meeting Aniston at the top of the Eiffel Tower on my birthday should involve three different concepts and therefore some 3 million neurons in the hippocampi, according to Quian Quiroga. Wouldn’t it also involve cells in the cortex – cells representing everything from my emotions and what I was wearing that day, to the sound of Aniston’s voice? Perhaps, says Quian Quiroga, but not always. He points out that often our memories lack such details. “A skeleton of a memory is not as rich as we think,” he says.
那么，根据Quian Quiroga 的说法，理论上在我的生日当天在埃菲尔铁塔塔尖遇到Aniston的记忆应该涉及三个不同的概念，因而就涉及3百万个海马体中的神经元。这份记忆会不会也涉及到大脑皮层中的细胞——那些代表着我那天的情绪、穿着和Aniston的声音的细胞？也许吧，Quian Quiroga说，但是并不总是这样。他指出我们的记忆通常缺乏这些细节。“记忆的构架并不像我们想象的那样丰富，”他说。

If he’s correct, then my imagined silvery web of a memory with strands attached in the cortex and hippocampi changes with experience. As my memory of Aniston is adjusted, new links are made to the neurons in the hippocampi connected to Paris, and over time others are perhaps weakened.
如果他是对的，那么我想象中的丝缕状的联结着大脑皮层和海马体的银色网络将会随着我们的经历变化。当我接受了我对Aniston的记忆，海马体中与巴黎对应的神经元间的新联结将会产生，而随着时间的推移，别的联结也许会减弱。

I like this idea of memories as collections of concepts because it suggests they have a bigger role as the building blocks of thought. After all, how could I have thought about whether I wanted Spiers to make me a cup of tea when I was in his office unless I had the concept of tea, the memory of drinking it, and of liking it, stashed away somewhere? Talking about thoughts is too speculative for Spiers’s liking, though. “They are a nebulous concept,” he says.
But others are more willing to follow this line of thinking. They include Demis Hassabis, who leads Google’s Deep Mind artificial intelligence venture and researches human memory in the hope it will inspire better artificial intelligence. He has found that people with damage to their hippocampi have as much difficulty imagining future events as recalling past ones, suggesting that memories play a significant part in the way we formulate thoughts. Breaking down the world into its underlying concepts may not just be the way that we think about the past, Hassabis says, but also the present and the future.
我喜欢记忆是概念的组合的想法，这表明记忆在思想的构成中扮演着一个更大的角色。毕竟，除非我将茶的概念，喝茶的回忆以及喜欢喝茶的体验储存起来，我怎么能够在事后回想当我在Spiers的办公室时我是否想要他帮我泡一杯茶呢？然而，对Spiers来说，谈论思想太带有揣度的性质。“思想是一个模糊的概念，”他说。但是其他人更愿意遵循这一思路。这包括了谷歌深度学习人工智能项目的主观Demis Hassabis，他研究人类的记忆，寄此希望能给人工智能带来更多的启发。他发现海马体有损伤的人不仅难以回忆过去的事情，他们对想象未来同样感到困难，这表明记忆在我们阐述思想的过程中扮演了一个关键的角色。将世界拆解为一些根本性的概念也许不仅是我们回想过去的方式，Hassabis说，也可能是我们呈现未来的方式。

It could even help us understand creativity. “If that’s how memory works, then imagination must rely on the same processes,” he says. “You’re still pulling together components but in this case in a novel way.” In that case, the way your memories tie together concepts and allow you to imagine things and plan your future defines you in an inescapable way. Without them, you couldn’t desire a cup of tea, or dream up your perfect holiday.
这一想法甚至能帮助我们理解创造力。“如果记忆是如此运转，那么想象力必然也依赖同一过程，”他说。“你仍然在把元素拼在一起，但是是以一种新的方式。”在那种情况下，你的记忆将概念拼在一起、让你想象事物并计划未来的方式不可避免地就决定了你。没有回忆，你不能产生想要一杯茶的渴望，也无法空想出一个完美的假期。

So is it my memory that makes me me? I put the question to Hassabis. “Memories are core to ourselves and our personalities,” he says. “It’s a cliché that’s also somewhat true – we are just the sum of our memories.”
所以是我的记忆让我成为我？我将这个问题抛给Hassabis。“记忆是我们和我们的个性的关键，”他说。“这是一个有几分真实的陈词滥调——我们仅仅是我们的记忆的集合。”

Hold that thought
保持那个想法

SHORT-TERM OR WORKING MEMORY involves retaining information for up to 30 seconds – long enough to dial a phone number, for instance – before it is forgotten. Short-term memory generally involves neuronal networks in the cortex, the outermost part of the brain.
短期或者工作记忆：在至多30秒内保存信息——例如，这对拨出一个电话号码已经足够长了——在号码被遗忘之前。短期记忆通常涉及大脑皮层内的神经网络，大脑皮层是大脑最外围的部分。

LONG-TERM MEMORY involves holding information for longer than half a minute. It splits into IMPLICIT and EXPLICIT memories.
长期记忆：保存信息至少半分钟。它分为显式记忆和隐式记忆两种。

IMPLICIT (PROCEDURAL) MEMORIES are long term-memories involved in learning new physical skills, such as playing an instrument.
隐式（程序上的）记忆：涉及学习新的身体机能如演奏一个乐器的长期记忆。

EXPLICIT (DECLARATIVE) MEMORIES are long-term memories we are aware of and can talk about. To create them, neurons in the cortex must activate others in the hippocampi, two structures deep in the brain.
显式（说明式的）记忆：我们能够意识到并且能够谈论的长期记忆。为了创造这种记忆，大脑皮层中的神经元必须激活海马体中的神经元，海马体和大脑皮层是大脑中的两种结构。

Explicit memories take two forms: AUTOBIOGRAPHICAL and SEMANTIC
AUTOBIOGRAPHICAL (EPISODIC) MEMORIES are of specific events from our personal history, such as eating with a friend yesterday.
显式记忆有两种形式：自传体式的记忆和语义上的自传体式（片段式的）记忆是我们个人经历中的特定事件，例如昨天和一个朋友吃饭。

SEMANTIC MEMORIES relate to facts. They are thought to start out as autobiographical – we remember where and when we learned the fact. They then become semantic with repetition – we forget the personal context and just retain the fact.
语义上的记忆与事实有关。它们是始于自传体式的思想——我们记住了我们学习到一个事实的时间和地点。它们随即变成重复的语义——我们忘记了人物背景而只记得这一事实。

Groundhog day every day
每天都是土拨鼠日

What would it be like to have no long-term memory? The case of Henry Molaison, whose memory was damaged irreparably in 1953 after brain surgery for his epilepsy, gives us some clues.
如果没有长期记忆，生活将会变成什么样？Henry Molaison的例子给我们一些启示，他于1953年在癫痫手术之后受到永久性的记忆损伤。

Unlike the amnesiacs of movies, H.M. (as researchers called him) knew who he was, because he had retained most of his memories from before the operation. But he could hold no new information for more than half a minute. Researchers would have the jarring experience of him failing to recognise them after they had nipped out of the room for a moment.
不像记忆缺失的电影（中演的那样），H.M.（研究人员这样叫他）知道他是谁，因为他保留着手术前的大部分记忆。但是他不能（在脑中）保存一个新的信息超过半分钟。研究人员对他们急匆匆地离开了他的房间一会之后，他就无法认出他们而感到苦恼。

If he saw his reflection, Molaison was often surprised by how old he looked. When his parents died, he forgot even that. Yet most of the time he seemed not frightened or confused but happy and good-natured. He often expressed a wish to further the cause of medical research and never tired of being tested. “He was always happy to help,” says neuroscientist Suzanne Corkin at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, who worked with him for nearly five decades.
如果他看见他的映像，Molaison经常会惊奇于他看起来有多老。他甚至忘记了他的父母已经去世。然而大多数时间他似乎不是受惊吓的或者困惑的，而是开心而和善的。他经常表达希望推进（遗忘症）起因的医学研究的想法，也从不对测试感到厌倦。“他总是乐于助人，”MIT的神经科学家Suzanne Corkin说到，他几乎已经和Molaison一起工作了50年。

As Corkin describes in her book, Permanent Present Tense, interactions with Molaison could verge on the surreal. On one car journey to the research centre, Molaison was sitting in the back seat when he noticed a McDonalds coffee cup on the dashboard. “Hey, I knew a fellow named John McDonald when I was a boy!” he said, and proceeded to tell a few stories about what they had done together. A few moments passed with Molaison looking out of the car window. Then he noticed the cup again. “Hey, I knew a fellow named John McDonald when I was a boy!” he said, and repeated the same tales, almost verbatim. Only minutes later, he did the same thing again. At that point, the researcher discreetly threw the cup under a seat.
像Corkin在她的书《永恒的现时》描述的那样，同Molaison的交往简直离奇。在一次通往研究中心的汽车旅行途中，坐在后排的Molaison注意到一个（放在）仪表盘上的麦当劳的咖啡杯。“嘿，当我还是一个男孩的时候，我知道一个哥们叫John McDonald！”他说，并进而讲了一些他们一起经历的事。Molaison看了窗外一会。然后他又注意到杯子。“嘿，当我还是一个男孩的时候，我知道一个哥们叫John McDonald！”他说，并且几乎一次不差地重复了同样的故事。仅仅几分钟之后，他又重复做了同样的事。这时，研究人员小心翼翼地把杯子放到了座位下面。
